# futbol7
## What the hell is this project?
Futbol7 is a webapp which shows stats about a football league with 2 teams (maybe more in the future) and random players every week. It currently supports 7 players per team (and maybe will support 5-a-side or 11-a-side sooner... or later). Why those restrictions and limitations? It fits with the matches I play on Monday with my friends and I did it for fun. 
##I want to make it working, What a have to do?
Instead of a DB, it uses a spreadsheet stored in Google Drive. That spreadsheet will contain one sheet per season. Each row of the sheet represents a match, except the first one for the header. The first column is the match date, the next 7 ones are the players for the team A, then next column (I) is the score fo the team A, the following one (J) is the score for the team B and the last 7 columns are the players for the team B.
The configuration need it before compile and build the project are in the config_default.json file. It basically define the pemanents players for each season. And the most important, the certificate for the service account in google which will be used to connect the webapp with the spreadsheet. Please see this link https://developers.google.com/adwords/api/docs/guides/service-accounts after creating the service account we need to download the p12 file, place it in the resources folder and replace the value for the key "api-project-p12" in the config.json with the name of the file. We will need also the email for that service account, for example: xxx@api-project-9999999999999.iam.gserviceaccount.com to replace the value for the key "client_email". And we need also to share the spreadsheet with that account. Finally we need to replace the "spreadsheet-google-drive-id" with the ID of the spreadsheet and rename the config_default.json to config.json
Once the webapp is compiled, built and running in a server we will see the ranking, matches, some individual stats and graphs... you don't see it... something is wrong and probably my fault.
##It's not working man
Man... it's free... what do you expect? Feel free to modify my beloved uncommented code or write me an email with the question which, depending on the arrangement of the stars and mostly your education writting the email, I will reply or not
